DOCSP-42733: atlas prep qs (#48)
mongodb/docs-mongoid: source/includes/quick-start/create-cxn-str.rst

You can connect to your MongoDB deployment by providing a
**connection URI**, also called a *connection string*, which

> instructs {+odm+} on how to connect to a MongoDB deployment

Reviewer: S: avoid 'on' to mean 'about'. open to other alternatives than this one

```suggestion
tells {+odm+} how to connect to a MongoDB deployment
```
